quire `info` command (#751)
thegetty/quire: packages/cli/src/commands/README.md

quire build epub
```

#### `info`

> List quire-11ty, cli, and starter package versions. `--debug` option includes node, npm, and os versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List `quire-11ty`, `quire-cli`, and starter package versions; use the `--debug` option to also list node, npm, and os versions.
```
